Beichen gives you one last chance
Kneel down and apologize to Junjun
I can let go of the past
No.
Lin Jianyuan
Signed this divorce letter
From now on
Your neighbor has nothing to do with me.
Ok I am as you wish
Only today
I divorced you
Congratulations Beichen is better
Don't ask the Lins
Too late
I will frame what happened to the Lin family
I want the Lin family to know the price of offending me
Humph
Congratulations to the Commander-in-Chief
What are you congratulating me on?
The commander-in-chief's shipment has arrived
What goods?
Commander-in-Chief, don't you know?
Didn't all your eloquence make me feel at ease to do it?
What do you mean by that?
Commander Zhu, I came to tell you before that
You don't want to know
Why did my father know about our relationship?
Still give you 100,000 ocean
What do you mean?
I told him to.
Because I'm going to make you rich.
Huo Renwang
Sir, it's hard to say.
What did the people of the city lord's mansion seize from those cigarette owners?